[MySQL] Add heartbeat event handling logic (#927)
ververica/flink-cdc-connectors: docs/content/connectors/mysql-cdc.md

It's recommended to configure a DNS(Domain Name Service) or VIP(Virtual IP Address) for your MySQL cluster, using the DNS or VIP address for ```mysql-cdc``` connector, the DNS or VIP would automatically route the network request to the active MySQL server. In this way, you don't need to modify the address and restart your pipeline anymore.

#### MySQL Heartbeat Event Support

If the table updates infrequently, the binlog file or GTID set may have been cleaned in its last committed binlog position.
The CDC job restart fails in this case. So the heartbeat event will update binlog position. It's recommended to configure `debezium.heartbeat.interval.ms`.
```
debezium.heartbeat.interval.ms=3000

> ```

Reviewer: Also give the SQL API usage way?

#### MySQL Heartbeat Event Support

If the table updates infrequently, the binlog file or GTID set may have been cleaned in its last committed binlog position.

> The CDC job restart fails in this case. So the heartbeat event will update binlog position. By default heartbeat event is enabled in MySQL CDC source and the interval is set to 30 seconds. You can specify the interval by using table option ```heartbeat.interval```, or set the option to 0 to disable heartbeat events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CDC job may restart fails in this case. So the heartbeat event will help update binlog position. By default heartbeat event is enabled in MySQL CDC source and the interval is set to 30 seconds. You can specify the interval by using table option ```heartbeat.interval```, or set the option to `0s` to disable heartbeat events.
```
